[18.0][IMP] sale_elaboration: auto notes parameter (#4228)
OCA/sale-workflow: sale_elaboration/readme/CONFIGURE.md

You can define elaboration profiles to limit the elaborations that can be
selected for each product.

If you want to prevent the elaboration note from being filled automatically
from the selected elaborations, set the system parameter

> `sale_elaboration.disallow_auto_notes` to a truthy value in

Reviewer: If parameter must be true, use `from odoo.tools.misc import str2bool`, otherwise change this to say "any" value

Author: It's not really necessary as I implemented it (I just check the existance of the key). I'd rather keep it simple. In the other hand although not necesary, it's more explicit if the user sets the value to something meaningful.

> `sale_elaboration.disallow_auto_notes` to a truthy value in

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`sale_elaboration.disallow_auto_notes` to `false` in
```
